# Let's use REST to build some cool stuff

Now, after you learned about REST APIs, let's use them to build some cool code.
We'll build an application that provides trivia questions to the user.
To do this, we'll build a small application that interacts with the Open Trivia API, a free public REST API that provides trivia questions.
The Python code below demonstrates how to interact with the Open Trivia API to fetch and show a list of trivia questions.

## Step 1: Prepare your computer to work with Python applications

First we need to make sure that we have Python installed on our computer. Run the following command in your terminal or command prompt to check if you have Python installed:
```bash
python --version
```
you should see something like this:
```
Python 3.7.4
```
If you don't have Python installed, you can download it from [here](https://www.python.org/downloads/).

Next, you need to install the `requests` library which we'll use to make HTTP requests to the REST API. You can install it using pip. Open your command prompt or terminal and type the following command:
```bash
pip install requests
```
After you've typed in the commands, some code similar to the text above should appear on your screen.
```
Requirement already satisfied: requests in /Users/vkroz/miniconda3/envs/programming-first-steps/lib/python3.8/site-packages (2.28.2)
Requirement already satisfied: urllib3<1.27,>=1.21.1 in /Users/vkroz/miniconda3/envs/programming-first-steps/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from requests) (1.26.15)
Requirement already satisfied: certifi>=2017.4.17 in /Users/vkroz/miniconda3/envs/programming-first-steps/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from requests) (2022.12.7)
Requirement already satisfied: idna<4,>=2.5 in /Users/vkroz/miniconda3/envs/programming-first-steps/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from requests) (3.4)
Requirement already satisfied: charset-normalizer<4,>=2 in /Users/vkroz/miniconda3/envs/programming-first-steps/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from requests) (2.1.1)
```

## Step 2: Import the necessary modules
Create a new Python file called `trivia_app.py`. You can do this by (insert how to add a python file) In this file, import the `requests` library, `json`, and `random`.

Problems occur here. I might be doing it wrong, but according to the step-by-step process you gave me, I'm supposed to put these commands into the new python file I made. When I do that, the program highlights it and says there are "problems" and "warnings".

```jupyterpython
import requests
import json
import random
```

